# GitVersion

An asset to generate a version from Git.
This asset is usable for version check between a server and clients in network game.

## Environment

- Unity5.6 or later
- Unity Editor for Windows or OSX

## Usage

### Generate Version

A version is saved when play in editor and before build.
In that time, an asset which has version information is saved on "Assets/PlanetaGameLabo/GitVersion/Resources" directory, but it doesn't affect to Git because the asset file is ignored by .gitignore.

### Show Version on Editor

By selecting "Tools->GitVersion->Log VersionString" in the menu bar, a version string is logged to the console window.

### Get Version in Scripts

A version is held as PlanetaGameLabo.GitVersion.Version structure and can be got by using the below code.

```cs
var version = PlanetaGameLabo.GitVersion.version;
```

PlanetaGameLabo.GitVersion.Version structure has bellow fields.

- string versionString: A version string
- bool isValid: If the version is valid
- string tag: Tag
- string commitId: Short commit id
- string diffHash: Hash of difference between last commit and current state
- bool allowUnknownVersionMatching: Consider version is matched when version is unknown if this is true

In the case of git is not available, the project directory is not git repository or a version is not saved due to some reasons, the version is treated as "Unknown Version" and Version.isValid is set to false.

### Check Version Matching in Scripts

You can check if my version matches other version by below code.

```cs
if(PlanetaGameLabo.GitVersion.CheckIfVersionMatch(other_version)){
    // Match
}
else{
    // Not match
}
```

## Setting

By clicking "Tools->GitVersion->Setting" in the menu bar, you can open a setting window of GitVersion.

### Version String Format

Formats of version string generated by GitVersion.
In version string format, spesific strings are replaced as below.

- %c: Short commid id
- %C: Commid id
- %t: Tag of last commit
- %d: Hash of difference between last commit and current state
- %%: %

4 formats are used due to status of the repository.

#### Standard

This is used when there are no changes from last commit and no tag.

%c, %C are available.

#### With Diff

This is used when there are some changes from last commit and no tag.

%c, %C, %d are available.

#### With Tag

This is used when there are no changes from last commit and a tag.

%c, %C, %t are available.

#### With Tag and Diff

This is used when there are some changes from last commit and a tag.

%c, %C, %t, %d are available.

### AllowUnknownVersionMatching

If you check this option,  a version is considered that the version is matched.

## License

This asset and source codes are based on the MIT License.

***

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2018 Cdec

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

***
